TIMELOG.md, before:

# CSE 310 - Sprint Time Log

Name: Emmitt Stevenson

Sprint #: 3

## Instructions

Record all CSE 310 work that you do either inside class or outside of class.  Include time learning, practicing, developing, testing, and documenting.  It is important to update this log every day.

For the Category column, record one of the following:
* IM - You are working on your Individual Module (Don't include Planning Meeting in class)
* TP - You are working on your Team Project (include Team Project Work Days)
* MTG - You are in one of the following class meetings: Planning, Stand-Up, Team Review, or Individual Review

The expected minimum amount of time each Sprint for each category is as follows:

|Categroy                       |Total Time (Hours:Minutes)|
|-------------------------------|:------------------------:|
|IM - Individual Module         |          10:00           |
|TP - Team Project              |           4:00           |
|MTG - Class Meetings           |           4:00           |
|**TOTAL**                      |        **18:00**         |

## Time Log

|Date      |Start Time|Category|Description                                 |Total Minutes|
|----------|----------|:------:|--------------------------------------------|:-----------:|
|10/21/2025|  8:00 AM |  IM    | Did research on networking and pygame.     |   0:30      |
|10/21/2025|  4:25 PM |  IM    | Attempted a basic network test.            |   0:30      |
|10/22/2025| 10:00 AM |  IM    | More research on sockets and networking.   |   0:27      |
|10/22/2025| 12:51 AM |  IM    | Got test sockets working.                  |   0:51      |
|10/23/2025|  8:12 AM |  IM    | Installed Pygame and got files for main.   |   1:02      |
|10/23/2025|  2:10 PM |  IM    | Researched and tinkered with pygame.       |   0:35      |
|10/23/2025|  9:40 PM |  IM    | Connected pygame and network together.     |   0:40      |
|10/24/2025| 10:15 PM |  IM    | Got cube to move around and changed cursor |   0:20      |
|10/24/2025| 12:14 PM |  IM    | Connected pygame and network together.     |   1:12      |
                                                                                6:07



_Note: Add more rows as needed._

## Sprint Totals

|Categroy                       |Total Time (Hours:Minutes)|
|-------------------------------|:------------------------:|
|IM - Individual Module         |                          |
|TP - Team Project              |                          |
|MTG - Class Meetings           |                          |
|**TOTAL**                      |                          |

Commit message:

fixed time log and now up to date

TIMELOG.md, after:

# CSE 310 - Sprint Time Log

Name: Emmitt Stevenson

Sprint #: 3

## Instructions

Record all CSE 310 work that you do either inside class or outside of class.  Include time learning, practicing, developing, testing, and documenting.  It is important to update this log every day.

For the Category column, record one of the following:
* IM - You are working on your Individual Module (Don't include Planning Meeting in class)
* TP - You are working on your Team Project (include Team Project Work Days)
* MTG - You are in one of the following class meetings: Planning, Stand-Up, Team Review, or Individual Review

The expected minimum amount of time each Sprint for each category is as follows:

|Category                       |Total Time (Hours:Minutes)|
|-------------------------------|:------------------------:|
|IM - Individual Module         |          10:00           |
|TP - Team Project              |           4:00           |
|MTG - Class Meetings           |           4:00           |
|**TOTAL**                      |        **18:00**         |

## Time Log

|Date      |Start Time|Category|Description                                 |Total Minutes|
|----------|----------|:------:|--------------------------------------------|:-----------:|
|10/21/2025|  8:00 AM |  IM    | Did research on networking and pygame.     |   0:30      |
|10/21/2025|  4:25 PM |  IM    | Attempted a basic network test.            |   0:30      |
|10/22/2025| 10:00 AM |  IM    | More research on sockets and networking.   |   0:27      |
|10/22/2025| 12:51 AM |  IM    | Got test sockets working.                  |   0:51      | 2:24
|10/23/2025|  8:12 AM |  IM    | Installed Pygame and got files for main.   |   1:02      | 3:26
|10/23/2025|  2:10 PM |  IM    | Researched and tinkered with pygame.       |   0:35      | 4:05
|10/23/2025|  9:40 PM |  IM    | Connected pygame and network together.     |   0:40      |
|10/24/2025| 10:15 AM |  IM    | Got cube to move around and changed cursor |   0:20      |4:25
|10/24/2025| 12:14 AM |  IM    | Server side broke, attempted to fix.       |   1:12      |5:37
|10/27/2025| 10:15 PM |  IM    | Attempted to fix the movement for clients. |   1:00      |6:37
|10/27/2025|  9:00 PM |  IM    | Testing different connection issues.       |   1:12      |7:49
|10/28/2025|  8:15 AM |  IM    | Got connection fixed and firing tanks      |   3:17      |10:06
|10/28/2025|  2:15 PM |  IM    | Added health bars and damage taken.        |   0.40      |10:46
|10/29/2025|  9:10 PM |  IM    | Fixed health bar location on players.      |   1:20      |13:06


                                                                                13:06
|10/20/2025| 2:00 PM  |  MTG    | Made Goals and decided on project.         |   1:00      |
|10/24/2025| 2:00 PM  |  MTG    | Class status update day.                   |   1:00      |
|10/29/2025| 2:00 PM  |  MTG    | Team Presentation day.                     |   1:00      |
|10/31/2025| 2:00 PM  |  MTG    |                                            |   1:00      |

|10/22/2025| 2:00  PM |  TP    | Tried to get geoJson to save coordinates.   |   1:12      |
|10/27/2025| 2:00  PM |  TP    | Got select coordinates to save in geoJson.  |   2:05      |
|10/28/2025| 12:57 AM |  TP    | Cleaned up the JS and added more comments.  |   0:37      |




_Note: Add more rows as needed._

## Sprint Totals

|Category                       |Total Time (Hours:Minutes)|
|-------------------------------|:------------------------:|
|IM - Individual Module         |                          |
|TP - Team Project              |                          |
|MTG - Class Meetings           |                          |
|**TOTAL**                      |                          |
